Rave Mobile Saftey is a mass communication system AstraZeneca uses to alert campus personnel of any (emergency/non-emergency) event related matters. 
In the event of an emergency on campus, mobile and email alerts were created with the Rave Mobile Saftey System to ensure all personnel or individual campus departments were notified.
These alerts were crucial during an emergency and helped me work under multiple stressful situations / conditions.
I was tasked with building out a "digital checklist" that would be triggered in the event of campus related emergencies or situations that involved facility assistance. 
  Examples: Fire Alarm, Gas Leak, Stuck Elevator, Tresspassing, Employee disputes, water leak, etc.
These checklists would provide a detailed step by step list of instructions for the Staff Supervisors and Officers to follow during these events.
I attened multiple meetings with the Rave mobile saftey team (seperate vendor) to suggest improvements, provide additional feedback, note any relevant information that could be implemented at our Campus.
In addition to meetings, I attened Web Seminars that had Rave users from several different contracts (Hospitals, Insurance Companies, Schools, etc). This was an opprtunity to network and create meaningful connections that could prove to be useful in the future., 
The Rave system was also implemented at different AstraZeneca Sites. This required coordination with the various Project Managers and their staff.
  I would be responsibile for scheduling these meetings and ensuring all information needed for the System to run in the manner it was designed for was provided to the staff outside of AstraZeneca Gaithersburg.
I created role permissions for our site and the various other sites that utilized Rave. This meant that only specific personnel were able to access certain features within the system so no mistakes were made and no data was altered in the event of an emergency. 
 The roles were grouped by Project Manager, Systems Admin, Site Supervisor, and Security Officers. 
I was in charge of this System so this required for me to support all staff members 24/7.
Training material was created by me for the various sites to properly utilize Rave and the unique features that were implemnted per the various security contracts. 
  This training material was in the form of Powerpoint slide decks and screen recorded videos. 


https://www.getrave.com/login/astrazeneca
